Mr. Fan is already waiting for you upstairs
Tell him to wait.
Wow, Mr. Fan is too handsome
Wow Fan is so handsome
If only he were my husband
Yes, since Mr. Fan graduated
It seems that I have never had a girlfriend
Doesn't he like women?
Mr. Fan is dedicated to his career
You don't understand.
He wouldn't have a problem with that, would he?
Please wait a moment.
Non-employees of the company are not allowed to enter Omori
OK
Didn't you leave?
Why did you come back again?
I left you
Just have a last resort
I was diagnosed with cancer.
The doctor said there are only a few months left
Do you think I will still believe you?
Whether you can or not
I really didn't lie to you.
Sorry.